Update dashboard-statement-details.md (#12575) (#12598)
pingcap/docs: dashboard/dashboard-user.md

    -- To modify the configuration items on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.
    GRANT SYSTEM_VARIABLES_ADMIN ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
    

>     -- To use the Fast Bind Executions Plan feature (https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/dashboard-statement-details#fast-plan-binding) on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- To use the Fast Bind Executions Plan feature (https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.6/dashboard-statement-details#fast-plan-binding) on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privileges.
```

    -- To modify the configuration items on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privilege.
    GRANT SYSTEM_VARIABLES_ADMIN ON *.* TO 'dashboardAdmin'@'%';
    

>     -- To use the Fast Bind Executions Plan feature (https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/dashboard-statement-details#fast-plan-binding) on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- To use the Fast Bind Executions Plan feature (https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.6/dashboard-statement-details#fast-plan-binding) on the interface after signing in to TiDB Dashboard, the user-defined SQL user must be granted with the following privileges.
```
